refactor(tooltip): disable manual handling of open state (#829)
Vonage/vivid-3: libs/components/src/lib/tooltip/README.md

# Tooltip

> A tooltip displays additional, non-essential, informative message, description or explanation to a focusable element upon hover or focus. It typically appears after a short delay and disappears when `Escape` key is pressed, element loses focus or hovered off. 

Reviewer: remove `typically` since we're talking specifically about this implementation
+
it actually only disappears on Esc when it is focused, not when it is hovered, is it the wanted behavior?

Reviewer: sure, it makes sense to track the behavior there, but the current doc should reflect the current behavior

> A tooltip displays additional, non-essential, informative message, description or explanation to a focusable element upon hover or focus. It typically appears after a short delay and disappears when `Escape` key is pressed, element looses focus or hovered off. 

Reviewer: `element loses focus or hover state.`

> A tooltip is a popup that displays informative message, description or explanation related to an element receiving keyboard focus or when the mouse hovers over it. It typically appears after a small delay and disappears when Escape is pressed or on mouse out. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A tooltip displays additional, non-essential, informative message, description or explanation to a focusable element upon hover or focus. It typically appears after a short delay and disappears when `Escape` key is pressed, element looses focus or hovered off. 
```

# Tooltip

> A tooltip is a popup that displays information related to an element when the element receives keyboard focus or the mouse hovers over it. It typically appears after a small delay and disappears when Escape is pressed or on mouse out. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A tooltip is a popup that displays informative message, description or explanation related to an element receiving keyboard focus or when the mouse hovers over it. It typically appears after a small delay and disappears when Escape is pressed or on mouse out. 
```

> The tooltip should be referenced through the use of aria-describedby. The aria-describedby attribute is on the anchor element, not on the tooltip. It should be the same as tooltip's id. To change aria-describedby, change tooltip's id (the default id is 'tooltip').

Reviewer 2: are we planning to feature this? if so, why document as instructions?

Author: So you mean that the user should not know about it at all?

### Anchor

The tooltip should have an `anchor` attribute with the anchor's id.

> The tooltip should be placed on interactive controls, elements that can be hovered over or focusable (e.g. button, checkbox, input text etc'.).

Reviewer: (e.g., button, checkbox, input text, etc.).

### Anchor

> The tooltip shoul be placed on interactive controls (things that can be hovered or focusable) such as: button, checkbox, input text.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The tooltip should be placed on interactive controls (things that can be hovered or focusable) such as: button, checkbox, input text.
```

> The tooltip shoul be placed on interactive controls (things that can be hovered or focusable) such as: button, checkbox, input text.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The tooltip should be placed on interactive controls, elements that can be hovered over or focusable (e.g. button, checkbox, input text etc'.).
```

The tooltip can't be placed on non-interactive elements such as paragraph or plain div.
Do not target non-interactive controls as a tooltip's anchor (such as non-focusable / disabled elements).

- Type: `string`
- Default: `undefined`

```html preview center
<vwc-button id="anchor" icon="help-line" shape="pill"></vwc-button>
<vwc-tooltip anchor="anchor" text="I'm a tooltip"></vwc-tooltip>
```

### Text

> The tooltip is a description and therefor, the tooltip itself can not be interactive or focusable and contains only text.

Reviewer 2: first describe the text as we do in other component.

next paragraph should note -

> Because the tooltip itself never receives focus and is not in the tabbing order, a tooltip can not contain interactive elements like links, inputs, or buttons

_[mdn](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/tooltip_role#description)_

> 

Reviewer 2: should explain what triggers the tooltip, and why (by recommended pattern) -

> A tooltip is a popup that displays information related to an element when the element receives keyboard focus or the mouse hovers over it. It typically appears after a small delay and disappears when Escape is pressed or on mouse out.

https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/tooltip/

  }
</style>

<vwc-button id="button" icon="info-line" shape="pill"></vwc-button>
<vwc-tooltip anchor="button" text="My inline size is 200px"></vwc-tooltip>
```

## Use Cases

### Usage inside text

```html preview
<p>
  Text with tooltip - press the question mark

>   <vwc-button id="button" icon="help-line" shape="pill"></vwc-button>

Reviewer 2: this shouldn't be a button as it doesn't trigger any action.
it can be a plain icon with `tabindex="0"` and `aria-describedby`.

this is more of a toggletip implememtation. perhaps it's better to avoid this use-case and resolve to actual controls (button, text-field etc')

Author: "The tooltip can be placed on interactive controls (things that can be hovered or focusable) such as: button, checkbox, input text." 
What is the problem with the button? You can't place it on an icon.

Reviewer 2: but this is a pointless button. button triggers action on click. what does this one trigger?

Author: @yinonov Do you want to remove this usage example?

Reviewer 2: I think it is best
